OK so our next objective will be to make our component account list which we have created in the previous
tutorial.
Even more reusable we wanted to be only and only in charge of displaying accounts and nothing else.
We do not want to care which accounts are are given to it to display.
We do not we don't have wanted to care how the accounts are retrieved or where are they retrieved from.
So we want our account accounts that we want our account list component to be only in charge of this
billing account and nothing else.
We don't want to care about anything else quite literally.
Why are we doing this.
Well at the moment our accounts are basically stored in an array.
They are not stored in a database.
Hopefully soon we shall moved them to a database.
But if we had a database assume for a moment that we do.
And imagine if this one component was in charge of database retrieval and display displaying the same
information on the screen.
That's bad that's bad coding practice.
That's not good.
Really it's not.
So what we want is information retrieval account retrieval will be the logic for it will be elsewhere
and our counseling component will only be in charge of actually displaying the content the current the
content the accounts that is the list of accounts will be served this component and this component will
take it and then it will display it on.
And then it will be in charge of the display logic on the screen.
So how do we achieve this.
Well in order for us to be able to do this we will need to implement a logic for it to implement a logic
for the parent component which is the opt out component.
To basically pass the accounts to the child component which is the account account list component which
is above.
So one component will be passing accounts to another component so this is enter component communication
here the process is very similar to property binding from the previous tutorials and we will also be
dealing with input and output.
What they are how they are used I will show you soon enough in the follow up tutorials but for now let's
go ahead and let's go ahead and build foundations for Inter component communication.
In our particular case.
So the very first thing that we need to do is take away basically I've given the tags here.
So take away from this array private accounts IRA and we're just going to go ahead and copy that should
be here.
Yes.
So just go ahead and just select this what I've selected and press control X beginning from private
accounts and I'm ending it down at the semicolon before the method remove account.
So just press control X delete it completely and then move on to the app component.
TS and right below the export class subcomponent and you can go ahead and paste it.
Excellent so we shall leave it there.
I know that we are playing basically a back and forth game here but I need to I need a word and you
get a way of demonstrating this to you.
So I've chosen to take this path anyway.
All I need to do is copy it here.
So now the app component will be initializing these these elements of the array.
The first two anyway.
But this is just the beginning of what we actually need to do.
So once again the optimum account list that the US will not be in charge of account retrieval don't
fill it don't worry about there we'll fix it soon enough.
In the follow up to True Will we actually edit the code further.
But for the time being I just wanted to understand the general logic of what we were actually doing.
So this component the accomplished component will no longer be in charge of account retrieval.
It will not care about account retrieval.
It will not care where the accounts are coming from.
It will not care what what sort of accounts they are where they're coming from how they are being pulled
etc. It will only take them and it will display them onto the screen.
A good security a good secure practice to perform so that logic will be moved to the app component up
to us which is the parent component of the child component account list and disparate component will
be in charge of retreat of information retrieval and serving the same information to the account list
component.
So from parent to child that will be our flow.
See you in the follow up tutorial.